---
title: Connect SDK Refference

language_tabs:
  - javascript : Javascript
  - objective-c : Objective-C
  - java : Java

toc_footers:
  - <a href='#'>Sign Up for a Developer Key</a>
  - <a href='https://github.com/acme'>Client SDK libraries</a>
  - <a href='#'>Luteg, all rights reserved. 2017 ©</a>

includes:
  - errors

search: true
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Connect SDK API Documentation. In this web site, can get information on various configuration, accessing, call, data channels, and iot channels in our database.

We have language bindings in Javascript, Objective-C, Java. You can view code examples in the dark area to the right, and you can switch the programming language of the examples with the tabs in the top right.

SDK Even if software developers for web, iOS, Android, and embedded systems are not familiar with WebRTC technology, they should be able to use all the functions that this technology brings with the help of SDK.

All SDKs must have the same function signatures with the same functionality as the platform-specific programming techniques.

Thus, software developers who have mastered multiple programming languages and platforms should be able to develop on other platforms without difficulty when they have the functionality of a platform.

# Connect
To create a new connect object, use this code:

## initialize
First of all you will need to initialize webRTC object of the connect.

```javascript
var lutegWebRTC = new luteg.webRTC({options});
```


### options you can use

Parameter | Default | Description
--------- | ------- | -----------
debug | false | Log records to the console of the internet browser.
signalingServerUrl | true | Connect server address.
appKey | true | App key that generated by connect developer center.
appSecret | true | App secret that generated by connect developer center.

<aside class="warning">
Please do not put your appSecret key in public resources.
</aside>


## listing audio sources
to list local audio sources in the operating system

```javascript
lutegConnector.getAudioSources(successFn(sources), errorFn(error))
```

> sample usage

```javascript
// get audio sources
lutegConnector.getAudioSources(
  // success function
  function(sources){
    // loop on audio sources
    for (var i = 0; i < sources.length; i++){
      // get audio source item
      var sourceItem = sources[i];
      // audio source info
      console.log("Audio : " + sourceItem.id + " - " + (sourceItem.label || 'Microphone ' + (i + 1)));
    }
  },
  // error function
  function(err){
    if (err === "NOT_SUPPORTED"){
      alert("Audio sources list is not supported for this browser");
    }
    else{
      alert("getAudioSources - err : " + err);
    }
  }
);
```

# Call

# Data Channels

# IOT Channels
